Add local cache to store whether it is over the limit (#111)
lyft/ratelimit: README.md

You can specify the debug port with the `DEBUG_PORT` environment variable. It defaults to `6070`.

# Local Cache

> Ratelimit optimally uses [freecache](https://github.com/coocood/freecache) as its local caching layer, which stores the over-the-limit cache keys, and avoid reading 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ratelimit optionally uses [freecache](https://github.com/coocood/freecache) as its local caching layer, which stores the over-the-limit cache keys, and thus avoids reading the 
```
